# TaskRepository
Language recognition
The program recognizes the language on which the word is written. The word can be short, the word may contain errors.

Functional:
1) Authorization of the user.
2) If the user does not exist in the system, automatically add it to the system with the confirmation of the password.
3) After authorization, the page consists of two areas:
4) The first in the form of a Text Box, allowing the input of proposals:
A) The length of the word is 4 or more characters.
B) The result is displayed in the form of a language table-% of reliability for each of the languages (pop up, with a percentage for each of the languages) when you hover over the word.
C) The results of word processing are stored in the database for subsequent quick access.
5) The second:
A) Presented as table 10 TOP Requests: User, Number of dictionary requests, Date of last login, Average time interval between requests.
B) The table is updated dynamically.
6) Request-response in the form of RESTful api.
7) Language recognition: English, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Bulgarian.

Interface:
In the form of a simple text editor, where the dynamic when you move the cursor to a word from the sentence appears tooltip with languages.
It is possible to fill the database with the generated data.
The database contains about 30 users. Each user has 1000 to 10,000 requests per word (generated by the random server)

Development tools:
1) C #
2) jQuery
3) SQLite
4) Without using the Entity Framework.
